deprecate dsp.deconvolve (#914)
pyfar/pyfar: docs/resources/plot_shortcuts.rst

Reviewer: I wonder that this was never updated. Would be fine for me to do it here

   * - shift+c
     - toggle colormap unit (see below for more information)
   * - shift+m
     - toggle showing real, imaginary, or absolute data.
   * - shift+o

>      - toggle left or right-sided spectrum of complex signals

Reviewer 2: @f-brinkmann: I see, you really wanted to buy these beers 🍻 🤣

- Toggling the y-axis style is supported by: :py:func:`~pyfar.plot.time`, :py:func:`~pyfar.plot.freq`, :py:func:`~pyfar.plot.phase`, :py:func:`~pyfar.plot.group_delay`, :py:func:`~pyfar.plot.spectrogram`, :py:func:`~pyfar.plot.time_freq`, :py:func:`~pyfar.plot.freq_phase`, :py:func:`~pyfar.plot.freq_group_delay` (and their 2d versions)
- Toggling the colormap style is supported by all 2d plots
- Toggling between line and 2D plots is not supported by: :py:func:`~pyfar.plot.spectrogram`

> - Toggling between the left and right sided spectrum is supported by all frequency domain plots of complexSignals,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Toggling between the left and right sided spectrum is supported by all frequency domain plots of complex Signals,
```
That should be written separately, right?

Reviewer: This rst is re-generated with each docs build, so i think this will be overwritten anyways.
The actual typo probably is in `pyfar.plot.shortcuts()`
